# Description
Are you sick of the ridiculous behavior of the Windows Taskbar? You don't want to see it, so you set it to auto hide. Then you're browsing chrome, want to switch tabs, but you aren't the lethal precision machine you like to pretend you are, you're only human, we all are, so you overshoot by a few pixels, and guess what perks up it's leathery head? That right **it's task-bar time**. So you think "well that's irritating but I'll just move my mouse pointer down". **But it doesn't work**. You're not in charge anymore, the task-bar is calling the shots. Your wrist starts moving is spastic motions, trying to banish this new personal demon you can't quite escape. You start clicking on everything under the sun *except that damn bar*, and for some reason, it goes away. You don't know what you did, you're not sure you can replicate the process, you're not even sure if it *was* something you did, or if that eldritch horror just got bored toying with you... for now... But it's gone. You wipe the sweat from your forehead and move on and click your desired tab with far more care this time.

You've almost managed to lose that memory. Almost managed to cast it into the vast forgotten realms of thought, the outer darkness whose shadows only surface in that land between consciousness and dreams at 3:00 in the morning. The place where your deepest, darkest memories live, making your breath seize then they arise each night, like mildly awkward social encounters from 5 years ago. The memory of the task bar was almost relegated to that place... **When it happens again.**

Through a similar but seemingly not identical sequence of actions you still can't quite remember, you manage to cast back the horror once more. But now you're getting scared of switching tabs, you learn the keyboard shortcuts for Chrome just so you don't have to risk this happening again. You're willing to spam Ctrl+Tab if you never have to look into that darkness again, willing to cramp your hand up into the entirely awkward shape needed to complete Ctrl+Shift+Tab if it means you can pretend you haven't seen the cold cruel reality of the world and it's dark gods.

But then... You are browsing a code-base in your favorite IDE. Multiple files open... In multiple *tabs*... This isn't Chrome. You don't think to try your Pavlovian keyboard shortcuts. You instead go to click. Forgetting, in that moment, lulled by the false safety you've tricked yourself into with your shortcuts, what awaits beyond the outer gates. _And it's back_. You recoil in horror, ripping the cord out of the wall. It all happened so fast... But at least it's over... You hang your head in your hands. You feel the tracks of tears on your face, tracing a from your eyes down your cheeks... But no... tears aren't that... dark... As you examine your hands you notice your watch, you must have lost track of time, you must have just started later than you thought... It all happened so fast... Hadn't it? You try to push back vague and terrible thoughts starting to coalesce, and force yourself to focus on one thought: You need a permanent solution. To seal this horror once and for all. So you can finally find peace. *This* repo is your weapon.

# Installation

 1. Install`AutoHotKey` from [https://www.autohotkey.com](https://www.autohotkey.com), "current version" not the "v2" version.
	> [direct download link](https://www.autohotkey.com/download/ahk-install.exe)
2. Put link to `TaskbarHider.ahk` in your startup script folder:
Win+R to opened `Run`, enter `shell:startup`, a folder will be open in the file explorer. Place shortcut to script, or script itself in the folder.
3. Either restart your machine, or to avoid restarting for the initial launch right click on script and click the `Run Script` context option.
4. Win+D will now toggle the visibility of the taskbar. This can be changed to any other keyboard shortcut AutoHotKey supports.
